1. Information Systems Analysis and Modeling
   Informational Macrodynamics (IMD) presents the unified information systemic approach with common information language for modeling, analysis and optimization of a variety of interactive processes, such as physical, biological, economical, social, and informational, including human activities. 
Comparing it with thermodynamics, which deals with transformation energy and represents a theoretical foundation of physical technology, IMD deals with transformation information, and can be considered a theoretical foundation of Information Computer Technology (ICT). ICT includes but is not limited to applied computer science, computer information systems, computer and data communications, software engineering, and artificial intelligence. In ICT, information flows from different data sources, and interacts to create new information products. The information flows may interact physically or via their virtual connections, initiating an information dynamic process that can be distributed in space. 
As in physics, a problem is understanding general regularities of the information processes in terms of information law, for the engineering and technological design, control, optimization, and development of computer technology, operations, manipulations, and management of real information objects. 
Information Systems Analysis and Modeling: An Informational Macrodynamics Approach belongs to an interdisciplinary science that represents the new theoretical and computer-based methodology for system informational description and improvement, including various activities in such interdisciplinary areas as thinking, intelligent processes, management, and other nonphysical subjects with their mutual interactions, informational superimpositions, and the information transferred between interactions. 
Information Systems Analysis and Modeling: An Informational Macrodynamics Approach can be used as a textbook or secondary text in courses on computer science, engineering, business, management, education, and psychology and as a reference for research and industry.


Bibliographic Information

Book Title: Information Systems Analysis and Modeling
Book Subtitle: An Informational Macrodynamics Approach
Authors: Vladimir S. Lerner
Series Title: The Springer International Series in Engineering and Computer Science
Series Volume: 532
Copyright: 2000
Publisher: Springer US
Copyright Holder: Springer Science+Business Media New York
Number of Pages: XXVI, 305

No. of copies available: 3
Location of the book: Information Technology Section



2.Genetic Algorithms in Java Basics

Genetic Algorithms in Java Basics is a brief introduction to solving problems using genetic algorithms, with working projects and solutions written in the Java programming language. This brief book will guide you step-by-step through various implementations of genetic algorithms and some of their common applications, with the aim to give you a practical understanding allowing you to solve your own unique, individual problems. After reading this book you will be comfortable with the language specific issues and concepts involved with genetic algorithms and you'll have everything you need to start building your own.

Genetic algorithms are frequently used to solve highly complex real world problems and with this book you too can harness their problem solving capabilities. Understanding how to utilize and implement genetic algorithms is an essential tool in any respected software developers toolkit. So step into this intriguing topic and learn how you too can improve your software with genetic algorithms, and see real Java code at work which you can develop further for your own projects and research.

Guides you through the theory behind genetic algorithms
Explains how genetic algorithms can be used for software developers trying to solve a range of problems
Provides a step-by-step guide to implementing genetic algorithms in Java

Bibliographic Information
Book Title: Genetic Algorithms in Java Basics
Authors: Lee Jacobson & Burak Kanber
Copyright: 2015
Publisher: Apress
Copyright Holder: Lee Jacobson and Burak Kanber
Number of Pages: XV, 154
Number of Illustrations and Tables: 33 b/w illustrations

No. of copies available: 5
Location of the book: Information Technology Section


3.An Introduction to HTML and JavaScript
The JavaScript language is widely used for simple online applications. This useful book presents HTML and JavaScript in a way that uniquely meets the needs of students in the sciences and engineering. It explains how to create simple, client-side applications for scientific and engineering calculations. It includes many complete HTML/JavaScript examples with science/engineering applications to guide the reader progressively and comprehensively through the subject.

This book is specifically targeted at a technical audience-- but not one that is necessarily familiar with a programming language-- and gives the reader a sufficient understanding of HTML and JavaScript to write their own online applications. The exposition emphasises basic programming principles in a modern Web-oriented environment, making it also highly suitable for an introductory programming course for non-computer-science majors.

Features and topics:

• Includes detailed code examples and output to guide the reader

• Is extremely accessible, and ideal for self-study

• Offers a working knowledge of HTML and JavaScript, which are essential for Web development and useful as a marketable skill

• Written specifically to meet the needs of science and engineering students and working professionals

• Provides an author-supported supplementary website containing code examples and all graphics files: www.pages.drexel.edu/~brooksdr/DRB_web_page/BookCode/BookCode.htm.
Introduction to HTML and JavaScript for Scientists and Engineers addresses directly the needs of engineers and scientists by explaining just those components of HTML and JavaScript needed to write their own online applications. The book will prove an indispensable introduction and guide for professionals, as well for students interested in learning about these useful tools.

Dr Brooks has authored the successful Springer titles, Problem solving with Fortran 90 for Scientists and Engineers, and C Programming: The Essentials for Engineers and Scientists.

Bibliographic Information
Book Title: An Introduction to HTML and JavaScript
Book Subtitle: for Scientists and Engineers
Authors: David R. Brooks
Copyright: 2007
Publisher: Springer-Verlag London
Copyright Holder: Springer-Verlag London
Number of Pages: XI, 200
Number of Illustrations and Tables: 6 illustrations in colour 

No. of copies available: 2
Location of the book: Information Technology Section

4. Financial Accounting: 

This book presents empirical evidence on the convergence of financial and management accounting in the Italian context. The author provides an overview of the development paths of financial accounting including its evolution, role of non-financial, forward looking and voluntary disclosures, and internal determinants such as corporate governance and business culture. The author uses the premises of agency, signalling, legitimacy and institutional theories in understanding this evolution, and includes the perspective of professional associations and academics on the topic. Based on survey data, the reader is provided with valuable insights into the Italian accounting scene.

Bibliographic Information
Book Title: Financial Accounting
Book Subtitle: Development Paths and Alignment to Management Accounting in the Italian Context
Authors: Sara Trucco
Series Title: Contributions to Management Science
Copyright: 2015
Publisher: Springer International Publishing
Copyright Holder: Springer International Publishing Switzerland
Number of Pages: IX, 143
Number of Illustrations and Tables: 24 b/w illustrations

No. of copies available: 6
Location of the book: Accounting Section

5. Geometry
This book contains selected topics from the history of geometry, with "modern" proofs of some of the results, as well as a fully modern treatment of selected basic issues in geometry. It is geared towards the needs of future mathematics teachers. All too often the geometry which goes into the syllabus for these students presents the material in a pedantic and formalistic style, suppressing its dynamic character and its role as part of the foundation of our common cultural heritage. As such, one of my goals is to open up these aspects of the field; another is to extend an invitation to mathematics in general. It is an unfortunate fact that today, at a time when mathematics and knowledge of mathematics are more important than ever, phrases like math avoidance and math anxiety are very much in the public vocabulary. Making a serious effort to heal these ills is an essential task. Thus the book also aims at an informed public, interested in making a new beginning in math.For the 2nd edition, some of the historical material giving historical context has been expanded and numerous illustrations have been added. The main difference is however the inclusion of a large number of exercises with some suggestions for solutions.For excerpts from reviews from the first edition have a look at http://www.springer.com/978-3-540-41949-5.

Bibliographic Information

Book Title: Geometry
Book Subtitle: Our Cultural Heritage
Authors: Audun Holme
Copyright: 2010
Publisher: Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg
Copyright Holder: Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg
Edition Number: 2
Number of Pages: XVII, 519

No. of copies available: 10
Location of the book: Math Section

6. Trigonometry
In a sense, trigonometry sits at the center of high school mathematics. It originates in the study of geometry when we investigate the ratios of sides in similar right triangles, or when we look at the relationship between a chord of a circle and its arc. It leads to a much deeper study of periodic functions, and of the so-called transcendental functions, which cannot be described using finite algebraic processes. It also has many applications to physics, astronomy, and other branches of science. It is a very old subject. Many of the geometric results that we now state in trigonometric terms were given a purely geometric exposition by Euclid. Ptolemy, an early astronomer, began to go beyond Euclid, using the geometry of the time to construct what we now call tables of values of trigonometric functions. Trigonometry is an important introduction to calculus, where one stud­ ies what mathematicians call analytic properties of functions. One of the goals of this book is to prepare you for a course in calculus by directing your attention away from particular values of a function to a study of the function as an object in itself. This way of thinking is useful not just in calculus, but in many mathematical situations. So trigonometry is a part of pre-calculus, and is related to other pre-calculus topics, such as exponential and logarithmic functions, and complex numbers.

Bibliographic Information
Book Title: Trigonometry
Authors: I.M. Gelfand & Mark Saul
Copyright: 2001
Publisher: Birkhäuser Basel
Copyright Holder: I.M. Gelfand
Edition Number: 1
Number of Pages: X, 229

No. of copies available: 7
Location of the book: Math Section

7. Ethics in paediatric nursing
The idea to write a book on ethical issues pertaining to paediatric nursing has been aired for quite some time. The single most signifi­ cant factor in holding up the creation of such a book was the lack of expertise in one person of all the areas of paediatric nursing. The problem was resolved by producing an edited book, covering various specialities of paediatric nursing. Undoubtedly, one could have included more detailed coverage of particular speciality areas, e.g. chapters on ethical issues surrounding adolescent care, child abuse, teenage mothers, behaviour modification programmes and so on. The approach we took, however, stressed the overall unity of paediatric nursing - where the specialities are wide enough to take in all paediatric nursing activities from neonatal care to adolescent health screening. I am certainly very aware that the book would not have been written and produced without the support, enthusiasm and co­ operation of the chapter-writers. I would also especially like to thank Christine Birdsall, Nursing Editor at Chapman and Hall, and my colleagues at the Charles West School of Nursing - Joanna Parkes and Imelda Charles-Edwards, for their continuing support, and my family and friends, all of whom bore with me during the last two years.

Bibliographic Information
Book Title: Ethics in paediatric nursing
Authors: Gosia Brykczynska
Copyright: 1989
Publisher: Springer US
Copyright Holder: Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht
Edition Number: 1
Number of Pages: XIV, 157

No. of available books: 5
Location of the book: Medicine Section

8. Psychotherapeutic Diagnostics
into account in particular respect of an intercultural and increasingly g- balized world. For what is experienced as painful, deviant, or troublesome is not only subject to individual perception but also to collective states of - consciousness. The diagnostic process may be understood as a form of translation in so far as a patient’s utterances, be they verbal or nonverbal, are transferred to a new code of understanding, a process every communicator is involved in because, as we all know, there is no such thing as non-communication. If in an empathic relational ? eld we manage to decode a patient’s subjective l- guage including that of her symptoms and distress, a new language will crop up which will ? nally explain the text the patient originally came up with. D- ferent visions entail different actions. At best, translating widens the scope of options of the affected individual and, precedingly, her scope of decisi- making. Just as translating from other languages is judged successful only if the hermeneutic depth dimension of a notion has been embraced and c- veyed, the psychotherapeutic process calls for the same prudence: only if we have grasped most of the meaning and the content may we adequately int- pret psychological occurrences and bestow meaning to them.

Bibliographic Information
Book Title: Psychotherapeutic Diagnostics
Book Subtitle: Guidelines for the new standard
Editors: Heinrich Bartuska, Manfred Buchsbaumer, Gerda Mehta, Gerhard Pawlowsky,Stefan Wiesnagrotzki
Copyright: 2008
Publisher: Springer-Verlag Wien
Copyright Holder: Springer-Verlag Vienna
Edition Number: 1
Number of Pages: XX, 291

No. of available books: 2
Location of the book: Medicine Section

9. Architecture Principles
Enterprises, from small to large, evolve continuously. As a result, their structures are transformed and extended continuously. Without some means of control, such changes are bound to lead to an overly complex, uncoordinated and heterogeneous environment that is hard to manage and hard to adapt to future changes. Enterprise architecture principles provide a means to direct transformations of enterprises. As a consequence, architecture principles should be seen as the cornerstones of any architecture.

In this book, Greefhorst and Proper focus on the role of architecture principles. They provide both a theoretical and a practical perspective on architecture principles. The theoretical perspective involves a brief survey of the general concept of principle as well as an analysis of different flavors of principles. Architecture principles are regarded as a specific class of normative principles that direct the design of an enterprise, from the definition of its business to its supporting IT. The practical perspective on architecture principles is concerned with an approach to the formulation of architecture principles, as well as their actual use in organizations. To illustrate their use in practice, several real-life cases are discussed, an application of architecture principles in TOGAF is included, and a catalogue of example architecture principles is provided.

With this broad coverage, the authors target students and researchers specializing in enterprise architecture or business information systems, as well as practitioners who want to understand the foundations underlying their practical daily work.

Bibliographic Information
Book Title: Architecture Principles
Book Subtitle: The Cornerstones of Enterprise Architecture
Authors: Danny Greefhors & Erik Proper
Series Title: The Enterprise Engineering Series
Copyright: 2011
Publisher: Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg
Copyright Holder: Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg
Edition Number: 1
Number of Pages: XV, 197

No. of available books: 2
Location of the book: Engineering Section

10. Mixed Reality In Architecture, Design, And Construction
Mixed Reality is moving out of the research-labs into our daily lives. It plays an increasing role in architecture, design and construction. The combination of digital content with reality creates an exciting synergy that sets out to enhance engagement within architectural design and construction.

State-of-the-art research projects on theories and applications within Mixed Reality are presented by leading researchers covering topics in architecture, design collaboration, construction and education. They discuss current projects and offer insight into the next wave of Mixed Reality possibilities.

Bibliographic Information
Book Title: Mixed Reality In Architecture, Design, And Construction
Editors: Xiangyu Wang & Marc Aurel Schnabel
Copyright: 2009
Publisher: Springer Netherlands
Copyright Holder: Springer Science+Business Media B.V.
Edition Number: 1
Number of Pages: XIV, 274

No. of available books: 1
Location of the book: Engineering Section